You awake in your plane seat.
You're confused but notice two stewardesses several rows in front.
They appear extremely concerned and distrought.
What do you do?

1. (Option) Ask the lady next to you about what's happening.
2. (Option) Ask the stewardesses about it.
3. (Option) Snoop around

BRANCH ONE

1. (Choice) The lady stammers 'We've b-be-been h-hijacked! I have two kids at home!'
   She bursts into tears.
   
What do you do?
1.1 (Option) Reassure her.

1.2 (Option) Ignore her 'ramblings.'


1.1 (Choice) You smile at the lady and try to impress on her that everything will be fine. 
    'The staff on flights have to be mindful about security. I'm sure it's nothing.'

    The lady calms down.

    'Sorry about that, my name's Jean.'

    'Everyone on the plane received a really horrid text from an unknown number. 
     The airline are taking it seriously by the sounds of it.
     Everyone's worried. I'm definitely worried..'

     She shows you the text..

     'Greetings fellow travellers,

     I have become inreasingly aware recently of the expendable nature of humanity.

     We are cattle - we are hearded and we are milked of our goodness, leaving us hollow shells.

     Now is the time I demonstrate my worth.

     I am in posession of a particularly powerful incendiary device that will be detonated over [MAINLAND AIRPORT - Heathrow LHR]
     unless I am given [WHAT THEY WANT].

     Yours sincerely,

     A revolutionary.'

What do you do?
1.1.1 (Option) Use technological hokey-pokey to attempt to trace the phone
1.1.2 (Option) Ask the lady sitting next to you for more details
1.1.3 (Option) Demand to speak to the pilots. Harass the stewards.

What do you do?
1.1.1 (Choice) You use your limited skills to attempt to trace the phone.
	Unfortunately you do not get far, but you realise a couple of things from the signature of the sent text.
	It was sent from a sony xperia Z5.
	The person is clearly educated and can spell.
	You realise this is important as it must eliminate some people from your thought process.

1.1.2 (Choice) You ask the lady what else she knows about it.
	She tells you that it all occurred towards the beginning of the flight and she saw several people with their phones out.
	She points them out -
	- The well dressed gentleman in seat 16A (looks like a Doctor).
	- The lady two seats down from him in 16C, she's young and looks like she relies on her looks for her job (extensions, hair and eyelash + painted nails).
	- The gentleman in the front row (Asian) who appears to be with his family.
	- Oh and both Stewardesses had their phones out. Probably putting them on silent/airplane mode for the journey ahead.

1.1.3 (Choice) You get up close and personal with both stewardesses who demand you return to your seat. 
	      You continue to demand answers and the guy who you think is a Doctor marches up to you and injects a syringe of liquid directly into your arm.
	      You start to feel faint and are directed to sit down in your seat again.

What do you do?
	1.1.1.1 (Option) Rummage through the bags of the suspects.
	1.1.1.2 (Option) Mention this information to the stewards and suggest we search people (Doctor 16A, young lady 16C, Asian guy front row for that specific phone).
	1.1.1.3 (Option) Scare the individuals into "confessing."

1.2 (Choice) You give the lady a look as if to say - 'You're insane!'
    Following that, you relocate to another seat to get away from the lady.

	   While changing seats, you feel an incredibly heavy blow to the back of your head.
	   
	   You lose consciousness and wake up some time later.

	   Your hands and feet are bound and you appear to be in the cargo hold.

What do you do?
	1.2.1 (Option)
	1.2.2 (Option)
	1.2.3 (Option)

BRANCH TWO

2.(Choice) The taller of the stewardesses glares at you and through gritted teeth, she orders you to sit back down.
	   'And make sure you fasten your seatbelt as well!'

What do you do?
	2.1 (Option) Do as she says.

	2.2 (Option) Tell her you are with the air force and can help her with the enquiries.

2.1 (Choice) You sit back down in your seat and sigh, you seem to be getting no where.

	     The lady in the seat next to you prods you and looks at you with a panicked expression.

	     Go to choice 1.1()

2.2 (Choice) She brushes you off.

	     Despite knowing she's only following procedure, you are getting fed up.

	     Got to choice3()



BRANCH THREE

3. (Choice) You decide to find out for yourself what is going on.

	    You surreptitiously search the bags in the same overhead hold as you.
	    
	    The fourth bag you attempt search has four padlocks on it and is extremely heavy.

	    You look around and there are several people now staring at you.

	    You hear a loud beeping.

	    Everything else goes quiet around you suddenly.

	    Sound returns like a tidal wave and you feel a momentary searing pain before you are blasted into oblivion.

	    Oops, you died. Shouldn't fiddle with things you don't have expertise in.
	


